Verifying installation doc update (#350)
NCAR/DART: guide/verifying-installation.rst

time.

The simplest way to determine if the installation is successful is to
run some of the functions available in ``DART/diagnostics/matlab/``. If
you have yet to download DART, see :doc:`Downloading DART <downloading-dart>` for
instructions on how to do so. Usually, we launch MATLAB from the
``DART/models/lorenz_63/work`` directory. First, open your terminal and navigate
to the directory where you downloaded DART. Then, execute the following command

> in your terminal to navigate to the``DART/models/lorenz_63/work`` directory.

Reviewer: rst formatting
```suggestion
in your terminal to navigate to the ``DART/models/lorenz_63/work`` directory.
```

The simplest way to determine if the installation is successful is to
run some of the functions available in ``DART/diagnostics/matlab/``.
Usually, we launch MATLAB from the ``DART/models/lorenz_63/work`` directory.
Execute the following command in your terminal to navigate to this directory.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ cd DART/models/lorenz_63/work

.. note:: The lines of code that are marked with a ``$`` symbol are commands that
          you will execute in your terminal. To execute a command, type it in
          exactly as seen, unless specified otherwise, and hit enter.

In the case of this Lorenz model, we know the "true" (by definition)
state of the model that is consistent with the observations, which is
generated by running the ``perfect_model_obs`` program. We therefore must first
run ``perfect_model_obs`` before launching MATLAB and running our diagnostic
scripts. To do so, execute the following three commands in the terminal.

.. code-block:: bash

   $ csh quickbuild.csh

>    $ ./filter
>    $ ./perfect_model_obs

Reviewer: perfect_model_obs creates observations to be used by filter, so although this order will work as is, it is
better for people's understanding of DART to switch the order of these commands

```suggestion
   $ ./perfect_model_obs
   $ ./filter
```

You are now ready to launch MATLAB. To do so, execute the command
``MATLABROOT/bin/matlab -nodesktop``, and replace ``MATLABROOT`` with the
directory that MATLAB is installed in on your computer. By default, MATLAB is
installed in the following locations:

.. code-block:: text

   Windows (64-bit):
   C:\Program Files\MATLAB\R20XXx (64-bit MATLAB)
   C:\Program Files (x86)\MATLAB\R20XXx (32-bit MATLAB)

   Windows (32-bit):
   C:\Program Files\MATLAB\R20XXx

   Linux:
   /usr/local/MATLAB/R20XXx

   Mac:
   /Applications/MATLAB_R20XXx.app

``R20XXx`` must also be replaced with the version of MATLAB that you have
installed. For example, the full command for a Mac user having installed the
latest version of MATLAB would be ``/Applications/MATLAB_R2022a.app/bin/matlab -nodesktop``.

If the corresponding MATLABROOT listed above does not work, you can identify the
correct directory by opening the MATLAB application and executing the command

> ``matlabroot``, which will display the correct location with the correct version
> incorporated into the MATLABROOT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``matlabroot``, which will display the directory where MATLAB is installed.
```
